Spi intro (#10)
wix-incubator/corvid-spi-docs: guides/overview-ecom-additional-fees.md

# eCommerce Additional Fees

> Provide additional fee calculation business logic that does not come natively with Wix into your eCommerce checkout flow. For example, you can change how Wix business apps, such as Wix Stores and Wix Bookings, calculate charges during checkout, such as by charging buyers extra fees based on their location, for special handling during shipping, and/or including gift wrap. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add additional fee calculation that does not come natively with Wix into your eCommerce checkout flow. This allows you to change how Wix business apps, such as Wix Stores and Wix Bookings, calculate charges during checkout. Example additional fees are surcharges based on customer location, special handling during shipping, or gift wrapping. 
```
